So a lot of people know how much I love 2001 space Odyssey.
So I got all of these emails asking like,
uh, Hey bro, <laugh>, uh,
do you know what's up with the monoliths in like the middle of the desert or
whatever it was? I don't, I, I haven't been actually paying attention.
I apologize. Uh, but, um,
you kind of mentioned offline that this was kind of cool and interesting. What,
what do you make of these modelists and in general, uh, are you, um,
are you a fan of, uh, 2001 space Odyssey where monolith showed up?
Do you have any thoughts about either the science fiction,
the mythology of it or the reality of it?
Yes. Okay. No.
Okay. And please say more <laugh>.
Right. So first of all,
cupric films are not ever easy for me because they're so weird. Right.
And I don't actually enjoy watching them, but that is that. Yeah.
It doesn't take away from their incredible brilliance though. And their,
uh, merit.
So a 2001 space odysey is incredibly
visionary. And of course all those things that people say,
I don't have to restate them. Um, in terms of what I've,
it's a subtext to my book, by the way, I, I didn't mean it to be,
but it's almost, it's, it's almost a character in my book,
2001 is space odysey and when the monoliths started to appear again,
everything went crazy with my everything, internet, social media phone,
what's up, what's going on, right. Is this disclosure. And I thought, well,
you know, I'll tell you one thing is it's, let's look at the timing of it.
It's a cool, it's an art, you know? And, and then copy art and things like that.
It's actually happening at a really interesting time when all of us are forced
to go online when all of us are forced because of COVID. Right? Yeah. Yeah.
We're completely now invaded by the screen or we are invading the screen,
like we're living our infrastructure now is completely changed.
So the monolith basically, if art is to like show us life,
it certainly has, if that's an art project, somebody did an awesome job with it.
But apparently that monolith was there for a long time. Right. I mean,
that's the thing it's been there for a couple years. So they said, okay,
all right. That said, um, if your, um, audience is interested,
I think the best theory about the meaning of the monolith is, um,
is Robert ager or Robert AER. I think it's Robert ager. Um,
he's got a website where he does analyses of films and it's called co
learning or co learning. And he does the meaning of the monolith.
Everyone should go look at that because I fully agree with him. One,
I studied meet different meanings of the monolith in 2001, a space Odyssey.
I was fascinated. Okay. So what is this about? Uh, his,
I accepted as soon as I listened to it, Sue and watched it.
So basically he says that the monolith is okay. Can you pick up your,
your phone here? What does that look like? <laugh>.
It looks awfully a lot like a monolith. Yeah.
Okay.
So basically that's what he was saying was that cubic was basically the monolith
was technology or the screen in particular.
And he basically was saying that the cinema screen we were being, you know,
completely. And if you think about it, look at all this,
we live in a screen culture. We have computer screens, uh, iPhone screens,
there's, you know, phone screens. We have TV screens, everything is so,
you know, and now that COVID has come,
we're forced to go into these screens and we forced to live a different material
existence than we live, have lived before. So in, in my sense,
I think that if it's an art project, it's a really good one for that.
So it's the, I like, I like that, uh, that meaning of it,
it's the screen and the screen could take all, all kinds of forms. I mean, uh,
our procession system, in a sense as a screen, uh,
between reality and our mind, the,
the screen of the computer is a screen, the,
the virtual reality worlds that we might be one day living in it,
there will be an interface. I mean, ultimately it's about the interface.
That's interesting. It's an interface to another,
another world of ideas.
It's also material change. It's a change in our mature. I mean,
when people talk about augmented reality, I say,
we already live in augmented reality. Yeah. Don't we, because this isn't the,
this isn't our grandparents' existence.
Yeah. Like, I, I,
sometimes you have to pause and remind yourself how weirdly different
this reality is than just even like, I mean, 30 years ago,
the internet changed so much and social media has changed so much
about actually just the space of our thinking.
Wikipedia changed so much about the office of our knowledge,
the way we interact with knowledge. I mean,
it offloaded our long term memory about facts
onto a digital format. So in the sense that expanded our mind, uh,
it's kind of interesting. I, I,
I'd be curious to see if he has just one interpretation. I wonder there's.
Corresponded with him. Yes. So over the years, he and I have corresponded, um,
and I told him, I said, look, I'm gonna be using this in my book.
So I think you should read what I say. And he was,
he of course wanted to see it. <laugh>.
So what do you think about your book? Did he get a chance to.
Read? Um, yeah. Oh yeah. So, um,
he is a nonbeliever in and alien intelligence and UFOs,
but he, and that's fine, but I,
I still agree with him that the meaning of the monolith was the screen,
but that doesn't mean the screen. Isn't like what David Bowie said. Right.
So it's not exclusive. So I could still use his theory,
but differ from the conclusions.